18.0.0 (#622)
MetaMask/controllers: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [18.0.0]
### Added
- **BREAKING**: ERC1155 support ([#615](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/615))
  -  `CollectiblesController` requires `getOwnerOf`, `balanceOfERC1155Collectible` and `uriERC1155Collectible` properties in the constructor which are methods from `AssetsContractController`.

> - Custom network + IPFS support ([#616](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/616))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for custom networks by querying the blockchain as default and add support for IPFS metadata URIs ([#616](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/616))
```

## [Unreleased]

## [18.0.0]
### Added
- **BREAKING**: ERC1155 support ([#615](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/615))
  -  `CollectiblesController` requires `getOwnerOf`, `balanceOfERC1155Collectible` and `uriERC1155Collectible` properties in the constructor which are methods from `AssetsContractController`.
- Custom network + IPFS support ([#616](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/616))

### Changed
- Remove unnecessary return statements ([#606](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/606))
- Bump @metamask/contract-metadata from 1.29.0 to 1.30.0 ([#607](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/607))
- Remove redundant ESLint rule ([#604](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/604))

> - Fix return type of `fetchGasFeeEstimates` ([#602](https://github.com/MetaMask/controllers/pull/602))

Reviewer: honestly I think all of these `Changed` logs fall under `Generally any changes that don't affect consumers of the package (e.g. lockfile changes or development environment changes) are omitted`.

Reviewer 2: I would keep the `Bump` log, they seen to be standard, I agree to remove the other ones
